Initial cut of Artifactory and Xray tile (#684)
DataDog/integrations-extras: jfrog_platform/README.md

# Artifactory and Xray Logging Analytics with Datadog

## Overview

> The following describes how to configure Datadog to gather metrics from Artifactory and Xray.

Reviewer: Can we give an overview of Artifactory and link to the site?

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup

### Requirements
```

I believe the Setup header is required as it marks the beginning of `Configuration` tab in the tiles.

* Kubernetes Cluster

> * Artifactory and/or Xray installed via [JFrog Helm Charts](https://github.com/jfrog/charts)

Reviewer 2: links need to be updated to this format `[JFrog Helm Charts][1]`

with the corresponding number at the bottom of the page
`[1]: https://github.com/jfrog/charts`

I would also link out the the rest of the requirements points

* Helm 3

> ## Datadog Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Datadog Setup
```

Bump this size to match with above

Reviewer 2: I would call this section "Logs"

> Datadog setup can be done by creating an account in datadog and going through onboarding steps or by using apiKey directly if one exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog setup can be done by creating an account in Datadog and going through onboarding steps or by using API key directly if one exists
```

> * Run the datadog agent in your kubernetes cluster by deploying it with a helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the Datadog Agent in your Kubernetes cluster by deploying it with a Helm chart
```

> * To enable log collection, update datadog-values.yaml file given in the onboarding steps

Reviewer: Just to clarify, what are the onboarding steps this bullet point is referring to? Maybe we can link the docs?

Author: We reworded to clarify these steps.

* Once the agent starts reporting, you'll get an apiKey which we'll be using to send formatted logs through fluentd

> Once datadog is setup, we can access logs via Logs > Search. We can also select the specific source that we want to get logs from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Datadog is setup, we can access logs via Logs > Search. We can also select the specific source that we want to get logs from.
```

> If an apiKey exists, use the Datadog Fluentd plugin to forward logs directly from Fluentd to your datadog account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an apiKey exists, use the Datadog Fluentd plugin to forward logs directly from Fluentd to your Datadog account. 
```

> Adding proper metadata is the key to unlocking the full potential of your logs in datadog. By default, the hostname and timestamp fields should be remapped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding proper metadata is the key to unlocking the full potential of your logs in Datadog. By default, the hostname and timestamp fields should be remapped.
```

> ### FluentD Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fluentd Configuration
```

Integration is done by specifying the apiKey

_api_key_ is the apiKey from datadog

_dd_source_ attribute is set to the name of the log integration in your logs in order to trigger the integration automatic setup in datadog.

_include_tag_key_ defaults to false and it will add fluentd tag in the json record if set to true

```
<match jfrog.**>
  @type datadog
  @id datadog_agent_artifactory
  api_key <api_key>
  include_tag_key true
  dd_source fluentd
</match>
```

## Datadog Demo

> To run this integration start by running td-agent on artifactory and xray pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this integration, run the td-agent on `artifactory` and `xray` pods
```

What is the td agent?

``` 
td-agent
```

> The apiKey is configured in td-agent which will start sending logs to datadog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The apiKey is configured in td-agent which will start sending logs to Datadog. 
```

> Add all attributes as facets from Facets > Add on the left side of the screen in Logs > search

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add all attributes as facets from **Facets** > **Add** ( on the left side of the screen in Logs) > **Search**
```

To access already existing visualizations and filters, click on Dashboards and add a new screenboard and then import [export.json](https://github.com/jfrog/log-analytics/blob/master/datadog/export.json) and overwrite the existing dashboard

## Generating Data for Testing
[Partner Integration Test Framework](https://github.com/jfrog/partner-integration-tests) can be used to generate data for metrics.

## References

> * [Datadog](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/) - Cloud monitoring as a service

Reviewer 2: this can be linked from the introduction and this section can be removed

## Overview

> The following describes how to configure Datadog to gather metrics from JFrog Artifactory and Xray.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The following describes how to configure Datadog to gather metrics from JFrog Artifactory and AWS X-Ray.
```

Author: This tile does not involve AWS X-Ray. JFrog has a security product Xray.
I will change it on my system to "JFrog Xray" and do a separate commit.

### What is JFrog Artifactory and Xray

> JFrog Enterprise with Xray features Artifactory Enterprise and Xray. Together, they empower DevOps teams to improve their productivity to increase velocity and deliver high quality software releases with confidence. Xray scans for known open source security risks and compliance using the industry's most comprehensive intelligence, VulnDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Together, JFrog Artifactory Enterprise and AWS X-Ray empower DevOps teams to improve their productivity to increase velocity and deliver high-quality software releases with confidence. AWS X-Ray scans for known open source security risks and compliance using the industry's most comprehensive intelligence, VulnDB.
```

Author: Same as above, I have modified the wording a suggested except for AWS X-Ray

> Artifactory supports multiple build packages, artifacts, and metadata. It allows DevOps teams to have the freedom of choice of build packages (Bower, Chef, CocoaPods, Conan, Conda, CRAN, Debian, Docker, Golang, Gradle, Git LFS, Helm, Ivy, Maven, npm, NuGet, Opkg, P2, PHP Composer, Puppet, PyPI, RPM, RubyGems, SBT, Vagrant & VCS), CI/CD platforms, and DevOps tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Artifactory supports multiple build packages, artifacts, and metadata. It allows DevOps teams to have the freedom of choice of build packages like Bower, Chef, CocoaPods, Conan, Conda, CRAN, Debian, Docker, Golang, Gradle, Git LFS, Helm, Ivy, Maven, npm, NuGet, Opkg, P2, PHP Composer, Puppet, PyPI, RPM, RubyGems, SBT, Vagrant & VCS, CI/CD platforms, and devops tools.
```

> Enterprise supports multi-region, multi-cloud and hybrid replication for geographically distributed teams allowing you to replicate between a source repository and multiple targets simultaneously, and security features such as, IP filtering, CNAME, and data encryption at rest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Artifactory Enterprise supports multi-region, multi-cloud, and hybrid replication for geographically distributed teams allowing you to replicate between a source repository and multiple targets simultaneously and security features such as IP filtering, CNAME, and data encryption at rest.
```

> Artifactory supports Kubernetes for microservices and containerized applications. Manage your deployments and gain insight into dependencies using Artifactory as your Kubernetes registry, while Xray provides container security scanning all layers recursively, ensuring that every artifact and dependency included in your Docker image has been scanned for known risks. Enterprise meets your business model needs supporting hybrid, cloud, and multi-cloud environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Artifactory supports Kubernetes for microservices and containerized applications. Manage your deployments and gain insight into dependencies using Artifactory as your Kubernetes registry. AWS X-Ray provides container security scanning all layers recursively, ensuring that every artifact and dependency included in your Docker image has been scanned for known risks. Enterprise meets your business model needs supporting hybrid, cloud, and multi-cloud environments.
```

Author: Changed "Xray" to "JFrog Xray" in a separate commit.

### JFrog Artifactory Datadog Dashboard

> JFrog Artifactory's Datadog integration allows you to send Artifactory logs to the log stream in Datadog. You can use it to enhance your existing dashboards or to gain more insight into Artifactory's usage statistics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

JFrog Artifactory's Datadog integration allows you to send Artifactory logs to the log stream in Datadog. You can use it to enhance your existing dashboards or to gain more insight into Artifactory's usage statistics.
```

![dashboard][3]

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Setup

### Requirements

* Kubernetes Cluster

> * Artifactory and/or Xray installed via [JFrog Helm Charts][1]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Artifactory and/or AWS X-Ray installed using [JFrog Helm Charts][1]
```

Author: Changed to "JFrog Artifactory and/or JFrog Xray" in a separate commit.

* [Helm 3][2]

### Logs

> Datadog setup can be done by creating an account in Datadog and going through onboarding steps or by using API key directly if one exists

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog setup can be done by creating an account in Datadog and going through these onboarding steps or by using the API key directly.
```

* Run the Datadog Agent in your Kubernetes cluster by deploying it with a Helm chart

> * To enable log collection, update datadog-values.yaml file given in the onboarding steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To enable log collection, update the `datadog-values.yaml` file given in the onboarding steps
```

> * Once the agent starts reporting, you'll get an apiKey which we'll be using to send formatted logs through fluentd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Once the Agent starts reporting, you'll get an API key which we'll be using to send formatted logs through fluentd
```

> Once Datadog is setup, we can access logs via Logs > Search. We can also select the specific source that we want to get logs from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once Datadog is setup, we can access logs in the UI under  **Logs** > **Search**. Select the specific source that to retrieve logs.
```

If an API key exists, use the Datadog Fluentd plugin to forward logs directly from Fluentd to your Datadog account. 
Adding proper metadata is the key to unlocking the full potential of your logs in Datadog. By default, the hostname and timestamp fields should be remapped.

### Fluentd Configuration

> Integration is done by specifying the apiKey

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Integration is done by specifying the API key
```

> _api_key_ is the apiKey from datadog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_api_key_ is the API key from Datadog
```

> _dd_source_ attribute is set to the name of the log integration in your logs in order to trigger the integration automatic setup in datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_dd_source_ attribute is set to the name of the log integration in your logs in order to trigger the integration automatic setup in Datadog.
```

> _include_tag_key_ defaults to false and it will add fluentd tag in the json record if set to true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_include_tag_key_ defaults to false and it will add fluentd tag in the JSON record if set to true
```

```
<match jfrog.**>
  @type datadog
  @id datadog_agent_artifactory
  api_key <api_key>
  include_tag_key true
  dd_source fluentd
</match>
```

## Datadog Demo

To enable this integration, run the td-agent on `artifactory` and `xray` pods

``` 
td-agent
```

> The apiKey is configured in td-agent which will start sending logs to Datadog. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API key is configured in `td-agent`, which will start sending logs to Datadog. 
```

> Add all attributes as facets from **Facets** > **Add** ( on the left side of the screen in Logs) > **Search**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add all attributes as facets from **Facets** > **Add** (on the left side of the screen in Logs) > **Search**.
```

> To access already existing visualizations and filters, click on Dashboards and add a new screenboard and then import [export.json](https://github.com/jfrog/log-analytics/blob/master/datadog/export.json) and overwrite the existing dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access already existing visualizations and filters, click on Dashboards and add a new screenboard and then import [export.json][4] and overwrite the existing dashboard.
```

## Generating Data for Testing

> [Partner Integration Test Framework](https://github.com/jfrog/partner-integration-tests) can be used to generate data for metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Partner Integration Test Framework][5] can be used to generate data for metrics.
```

[1]: https://github.com/jfrog/charts
[2]: https://helm.sh/

> [3]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/jfrog_platform/images/dashboard.png

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[3]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/jfrog_platform/images/dashboard.png
[4]: https://github.com/jfrog/log-analytics/blob/master/datadog/export.json
[5]: https://github.com/jfrog/partner-integration-tests
```
